Docs--guidelines-spacing v2 and releases (#1752)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/about-carbon-for-ibm.com/releases.mdx

Each Carbon for IBM.com release includes package releases that are independently versioned following the industry-standard semantic versioning specification.

> The Carbon for IBM.com team also ships package minor releases every other week and when necessary, patch releases between minor versions to address bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Carbon for IBM.com follows a bi-weekly release schedule, with patch releases when necessary.
```

### Carbon for IBM.com v2

> Carbon for IBM.com focuses on implimenting Carbon Design System v11. Along with simplifying our content authoring and number of pre-constructed components, adding flexibility to our content components, and accessibility improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A primary focus of Carbon for IBM.com is always using the latest version of the Carbon Design System. This allows simplifying our content authoring and number of pre-constructed components, adding flexibility to our content components, and accessibility improvements.
```

I think we can remove the line above this `### Carbon for IBM.com v2` as well. We don't need to refer to the latest version with any number.
